I sigh.
It's because of this Sun Shenyi
Although he has some medical skills
But I'm not good at learning
You're not saving lives, you're killing people.
Nonsense, if Doctor Sun is not good at learning
Who else dares to say that they are smart?
Are you little brother
My master is a genius doctor known as Yama Di
I have inherited eight points of my master's medicine
Although I dare not call myself a genius doctor
But I'm afraid these four words are not good at learning
I don't need you to say anything.
I dare not say anything else
But in this case, you've only learned to criticize the alliance
You dare to come out to save people before you have medical skills
You will not only kill the old man
It will also make the old man's pain more profound
You fart Yang Ming
You are the one who was rescued by Sun Shen and Yima
You are jealous of him?
kid
Don't speak responsibly
Of course I can be responsible for what I say
But can you take responsibility for yourself?
I will definitely not recover from Elder Hou's illness
Then I'll wait.
Presumably time is running out